docs: api encryption (#158)
RequestNetwork/requestNetwork: packages/docs/docs/guides/3-API/4-api-encryption.md

# About encryption

> By default, anything you store on Request is available by anyone. That might be what you are looking for, or not!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, anything you store on Request can be read by anyone. That might be what you are looking for, or not!
```

> To give you control over this, the Request Protocol supports end-to-end encryption. It means that no one outside of a request stakeholders (usually, its payer and payee) can read its information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give you control over this, the Request Protocol supports end-to-end encryption. It means that no one outside of a request stakeholder (usually, its payer and payee) can read its information.
```

> To give you control over this, the Request Protocol supports end-to-end encryption. It means that no one outside of a Request stakeholders (usually, its Payer and Payee) can read its information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give you control over this, the Request Protocol supports end-to-end encryption. It means that no one outside of a request stakeholders (usually, its Payer and Payee) can read its information.
```

Request with a uppercase is the name of the network

> To give you control over this, the Request Protocol supports end-to-end encryption. It means that no one outside of a Request stakeholders (usually, its Payer and Payee) can read its information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give you control over this, the Request Protocol supports end-to-end encryption. It means that no one outside of a Request stakeholders (usually, its payer and payee) can read its information.
```
I don't see the need for uppercases here

Request Portal API, however, **does not** offer end-to-end encryption, but **does** allow you to remove public access. 

> What it means is that your request would be stored encrypted on the Network (Ethereum + IPFS) but we, at Request, could have access to your data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What it means is that your request would be stored encrypted on the Network (Ethereum + IPFS) but we, at Request, could have access to the request data.
```

:::info

> Although we technically have access to your Request data, we would never use or share this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although we technically have access to your request data, we would never use or share this data.
```

> Although we technically have access to your Request data, we would never use or share this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although we technically have access to your Request data, we will never use or share this data.
```
Is more engaging in my opinion

> We are planning to remove our own access to any encrypted data to provide end-to-end encryption with the API, while keeping the best possible experience for our builders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are planning to withdraw our own access to any encrypted data to provide end-to-end encryption with the API, while keeping the best possible experience for our builders.
```

If end-to-end encryption is paramount for your usage, we recommend you use the [Request Client](http://localhost:3000/docs/guides/5-request-client/0-intro) instead of the Portal API.
:::

# Handle encrypted requests

## Create an encrypted request

Creating an encrypted request with the API is very easy. You simply have to add `encrypted: true` to the payload. 

```javascript
const apiKey = "YOUR_API_KEY";
await axios.post(`https://api.request.network/requests/`,{
    currency: 'EUR',
    expectedAmount: "1000",
    payment: {
      type: 'declarative',
      value: {}
    },
    payer: {
      type: 'email',
      value: 'foo@bar.com'
    },
    encrypted: true
  },
  {
    headers: {
      Authorization: apiKey
    }
  })
```

## Specify the stakeholders

> By default, you, as Payee and Creator of a request, will always be given Read access to the Request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you, as payee and creator of a request, will always be given Read access to the request. 
```

> By default, you, as Payee and Creator of a request, will always be given Read access to the Request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you, as Payee and Creator of a request, will always be granted with Read access to the Request. 
```

> By default, you, as payee and creator of a request, will always be granted with Read access to the Request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you, as payee and creator of a request, will always be granted with Read access to the request.
```

> If you specify a Payer that is also using Request Portal API, they will be given access to the Request as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify a Payer that is also using Request Portal API, they will be given access to the request as well. 
```

> For other cases (Payer not using the API, thirdparty access), you can specify as many Public key as you want to the `stakeholders` field. To know more about the public key format, please refer to [this page](/TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other cases (Payer not using the API, third party access), you can specify as many Public key as you want to the `stakeholders` field. To know more about the public key format, please refer to [this page](/TODO)
```

Reviewer: What is the `stakeholders` field ? I don't see it in the js example above

> For other cases (Payer not using the API, third party access), you can specify as many Public key as you want to the `stakeholders` field. To know more about the public key format, please refer to [this page](/TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other cases (Payer not using the API, third party access), you can specify as many Public keys as you want to the `stakeholders` field. To know more about the public key format, please refer to [this page](/TODO)
```

> For other cases (Payer not using the API, third party access), you can specify as many Public key as you want to the `stakeholders` field. To know more about the public key format, please refer to [this page](/TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other cases (Payer not using the API, third party access), you can specify as many public key as you want to the `stakeholders` field. To know more about the public key format, please refer to [this page](/TODO)
```

## Request decryption

> Reading encrypted request(s) is the same as non-encrypted one(s), the API handles the decryption for you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reading encrypted requests is the same as non-encrypted ones, the API handles the decryption for you!
```

> Reading encrypted request(s) is the same as non-encrypted one(s), the API handles the decryption for you!

Reviewer: Precise it is the case if the request has been created with the API. Otherwise we can't read it !
